#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
NGLS LLRF Errata
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Alejandro F Queiruga
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

Daniel Scott Driver
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
This document presents a list of issues from the original Octave code that
 were addressed in the current code, or still need to be addressed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Addressed Issues
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
All of the units have been changed to be in SI units, all percents have
 been replaced by fractional ratios, and all degrees have been replaced
 by radians.
 The one exception is the usage of electron Volts instead of Volts.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
The Octave version doublecompress had issues regarding precision.
 The calculations have been reworked to provide more presice results.
 The Octave version is replicated line-by-line as doublecompress_octave_ourtypes
() in doublecompress.c, should one want to run benchmarks against the Octave
 code.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Open Issues
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
The FPGA integrator in step_llrf does not take into account the simulation
 timestep and is configuring with a magic number of 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

0.1
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, so it is sensitive to the simulation parameters.
 Another FPGA loop routine called step_PI_fpga that follows a more traditional
 formulation was tossed in the code in step_llrf.c and can be used to start
 fixing this error.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Beam Based Feedback:
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
No methodology for determining KI's
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
No timestep size in the integrator (as in the FPGA).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
The set point modulation is apparently incorrect, it is currently written
 as
\begin_inset listings
inline false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

mod=abs(change_amp)+exp(i*change_phase)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

setpoint = setpoint * mod
\end_layout

\end_inset

and we do not know what it should be changed to.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
The units are inconsistent around the doublecompress inputs in the mass
 matrix.
 A consistent unit scheme needs to be determined that can wrap the pseudoinverse
 (e.g.
 every quantity as either a ratio or in radians).
 We (Alejandro and Dan) are not convinced about multiplying the 
\begin_inset Formula $\Sigma$
\end_inset

 matrix directly by the KI's, and think they should be applied outside of
 the pseudoinverse.
 This would make this unit scheme less of an issue.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our suggestion is that the integrator should become 
\begin_inset Formula 
\[
Y\left(t+\Delta t\right)=Y\left(t\right)+\Delta t\times\mathbf{V}\left[KI\right]\Sigma^{\dagger}\mathbf{U}^{*}\left\{ X\right\} 
\]

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_body
\end_document
